Details of dataset construction are given in our paper; below we present only details of the composition
of the comparison set used in the Original dataset.

We analyzed the content of a random sampling of the deleted articles we collected to determine the topics that were most common in the dataset.
Using Wikipedia's category hierarchy, we chose categories most similar to those topics. 
For instance, many of the deleted articles were about writers, so we chose articles from the Writers category.
Of course, since all the deletions in our dataset were for lack of significance or similar criteria, many of
the deleted articles did not have any topically similar articles on Wikipedia, since the topic they 
belonged to is unencyclopedic. There is no category, for example, entitled 'teenage boys', but there were 
several such pages in our collection of deleted pages. In those cases, we chose topics that seemed to be most similar to the one
in the deleted group. To parallel South Asian businessmen, for which there is no Wikipedia category but which many of the deleted
pages were about, for example, we used the category Pakistani Chief Executives. We sampled random groups of articles
from the following Wikipedia categories:

    Russian actors
    Pakistani chief executives
    Indian software companies
    Software companies
    Songwriters
    Brazilian football
    American musicians
    American health and wellness writers
    American politicians
    American self-help writers
    Asian writers
    English footballers
    New Age writers
    Self-help writers

These categories were the ones that we found to be most similar to the most common topics of the deleted articles
we wanted to compare to. Since many of the deleted articles in our dataset were very short, we included some short articles
that were nevertheless legitimate. This was done by using articles classified as stubs, or short, unfinished articles
that are about legitimate topics. We use stubs from the following categories:

    Writer stubs
    English footballer stubs
    Songwriter stubs
    Actor stubs
    Indian writer stubs
    American songwriter stubs
    Actor-model stubs

